Update CHANGELOG for version 8.17.0 (#3441)
AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

See the [releases](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/releases) for details on bug fixes and added features.

8.17.0
====
## Dependencies
* Downgrade MicrosoftExtensionsLoggingAbstractionsVersion to 8.0.0 on .NET 10 See [PR #3435](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/3435)

> * Disable Format Errors in Decrypt and Create Token in Dev8x See [PR #3439] (https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/3439)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Downgrade Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions to 8.0.0 on .NET 10 to match the version on .NET 8 and .NET 9. See [PR #3435](https://github.com/AzureAD/azure-activedirectory-identitymodel-extensions-for-dotnet/pull/3435).
```
